PD-438 storage node label needs to be updated (#722)
portworx/pxdocs: content/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/cloud/aws/aws-eks/eksctl.md

    * On the **Storage** tab, specify **AWS** and configure your storage devices based on your needs
    * On the **Customize** tab, select the **Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (EKS)** option

>     * On the **Environment Variables** tab, Add **ENABLE_ASG_STORAGE_PARTITIONING** for variable name and **true** for variable value.

Author: ```suggestion
    * Under the **Environment Variables** dropdown on the **Customize** tab, create an environment variable named `ENABLE_ASG_STORAGE_PARTITIONING` with a value of **true**
```
